This directory contains subdirectories which contain
the test plans for each version of the subject.

Usually, test plans developed for the first few
versions are inherited by later versions of the
subject.  

Notes about specific testplans:

v0 --->	sed can be described as a simple stream
	text editor.  It serves as an invaluable
	utility to users wanting to make quick
	and easy scripts to make simple (but
	yet often quite complex) edits across
	one or many files.  The utility's
	functionality can be divided into two
	main areas:  its stream editing capabilities
	and its regular expression matching.

	With sed v0 (sed-1.17), the subject preparers 
	focused on testing the stream editing functions
	of the program.

	That is not to say that regular expressions
	are ignored.  They are not, however, the
	focus of the suite.  The regex functions
	of sed follow the POSIX standard.  It was
	considered too cost-ineffective to develop
	a test suite capable of systematically
	testing "all" of sed's regex capabilities.

	If you desire, inspect the
	/originals/sed-v4.1.5/testsuite directory
	for a look at how the code's authors
	setup several suites (each of several
	hundred tests) to test regex functions.

v1 --->	sed v1 (sed-1.18) inherits the testplans
	from sed v0.  There was very little
	difference between these two versions, and
	therefore, no need to re-evaluate the TSL.

v2 ---> sed v2 (sed-2.05) is the first version
	with significant changes in code structure.
	Once again, however, there was no significant
	change necessary for the subject's TSL spec.
	because the fundamental characteristics and
	properties of 'sed' itself had not changed.

v3 --->	sed v3 (sed-3.01) is a demonstrates a relatively
	minor reorganization of the source code.
	Feature changes are minor.  This version
	addressed compiler/cross-platform bugs that
	existed at the time.  Hence, the TSL is recycled
	for this version.

v4 ---> sed v4 (sed-3.02) also inherts the old testplan
	thanks to very few differences in code compared
	to v3.

v5 ---> sed v5 (sed-4.0.6) finally adds some significant
	functional changes.  Therefore, the TSL spec.
	must be expanded to test these changes. v5_0.tsl
	incorporates these additions.

v6 ---> sed v6 (sed-4.0.7) does not differ greatly from
	v5 and thus inherits its testplan.

v7 ---> sed v7 (sed-4.1.5) inherits the testplan from
	the previous two versions. 
